Hello everyone and welcome to the course Angular
2 Essential Training.
I hope you are just as excited as I am to
learn about and create awesome applications
using the brand new Angular 2 framework.
This is a beginner level course and will assume
no prior experience to using either Angular
version 1 or 2 or any experience with typescript.
You should however, have a basic understanding
of Javascript.
This would include how to work with things
such as variables, objects, and arrays.
I structured this course by first presenting
a key Angular 2 concept using powerpoint slides,
and then working through an example in our
sample application.
And then providing quizzes to re-inforce what
you’ve learned.
The application we’ll build is a Book store.
Users will be able to add to favorite the
book of their choice and can also click through
to see the book details.
Project files will be included in all lectures
where we work on app.
And I’ve also set up a github repo, which
is located at github.com / jakblak / learn
angular 2.
By the end of the course you will be familiar
with all of the important features in building
Angular 2 applications including: The Typescript
language, Components, NgModules, Data Binding,
Directives, Pipes, handling Inputs and Outputs,
Observables, and Routing.
Additionally, I plan on keeping this course
up to date by adding new content as the Angular
team releases new updates.